I have changed the terms in this proposal.

$20 per hour for a Maximum of 20 hours per week to build 
the prototype Hosted on Google Cloud of This Business Social network.
I will actually work on it about 40 hours a week, but still only bill for 20 hours.

It will be decent looking web app, and will ONLY have the most 
fundamental functionality (It will NOT have a ton of "bells and whistles").

An example of what it will look and function like is my project
http://edhub.co/   but instead of "job posts" there will be "IP posts"

I built http://edhub.co/ in 1 week so imagine what I could build in 4 weeks.

~ Prototype Functionality ~ 

There will be 2 user authentication types:
1 - the user who posts IP
2 - the user who pays for the IP

Users will be able to see recent IP posts that they can click for more details 
and request an interest to pay for the IP.  

There will 2 admin interfaces:
1 - Users who post IP can see users are interested in using the IP
2 - Users who want to pay for IP can see status of IP requests they've made.

There will be a basic messaging system so users can communicate.

~ Payment System ~
I do not know how long it will take me to integrate a payment system
using the PayPal API, but I will try VERY hard to get this working too.
Although I cannot guarantee I can build this with in a month I can
guarantee I will try my hardest. 

I can also make a simple Interaction design in Adobe XD so you get a feel
of what I'm going to code before coding it. 

Again I will emphasize with just a month, it will be pretty basic but decent 
looking and have the MOST important core functionality implemented.

The technology I will use:
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP/SQL, Google Cloud, AngularJS, Firebase, jQuery, Sass, Gulp/Grunt, Node.js, The Adobe Creative Suite, and Data Structures and Algorithms.

The aforementioned tech is the same tech I was using while working Full time 
8 hours a day 5 days a week for 5 months 
while working at LAB 916 so it is nice and fresh in my mind. 